---
layout: post
title: Spain
date: 2024-08-02
---

Embarking on a two week adventure through Spain is definitely a trip I was looking forward to for a long time. It is my first European destination, and the cultural differences, from incorporating siesta's into the workday to clothing styles to combat the heat, Spain seems to offer a unique perspective on daily life.

Itinerary: 
1. Madrid

Cats Hostel: 

Our humble abode for the time in Madrid was at Cats Hostel. The openness of the other voyagers, coupled with the vibrant party culture served as an amazing opener to the party that never sleeps in Madrid. Here I met people from all corners of the world, from UK to Japan, other Americans and free spirited Australians. Staying at Cats Hostel definitely shaped my first perception of Spain and gain a glimpse of its culture. The phenomenal nightlife along with the bar crawl hosted by Cats played a large role in my impression and the importance of siestas here. Overall the rich architecture, where affluence is displayed through the intricate designs of buildings, bountiful infrastructure with amazing water fountains, and kind yet ready to adventure individuals drew me to experience life from a completely different frame of mind from the hustle and bustle of the tri-state area.

Royal Palace of Madrid and Walking Tour: 

Insert pictures here: 

The best can only be picked once you have experienced everything from a glance. This was the mentality I had went into and embodied throughout my travels. Starting the morning I arrived with a walking tour, we were able to quickly recieve a short summary of Madrid. The walking tours are highly recommended and although we booked through Viator, they are offered by pretty much any hostel you decide to stay at. This one included a skip the line tour of the Royal Palace as well, with its stunning designs, creative and well thought out floor plans, I could see why the royal family still comes to visit here to this day. The guided tour was enriching, giving an overview of the history behind aspects of the city as well as detailed descriptions on each room of the royal palace. It was here I initially got a rough understanding on how much Spain had been through as a country and realized the influence of religion on a region. Definitely worth checking out, and the views from the back of the palace courtyard are gorgeous.

Parque de El Retiro and Museo del Prado:

Insert pictures here:

Next we headed to Parque de El Retiro, a perfect venue to stroll. The city of Madrid seemingly put much effort into maintaining this park, with intricately trimmed trees, clean water, and plenty of routes to traverse. There is a mini pond in the center of the park, decorated with Romanesque styled architecture. Continuing on the walk along through the park led to Madrid's famous Museo del Prado (free for students with student ID), adorned with winsome paintings and ornate sculptures. Painters are free to come in

2. Valencia

Eco Hostel:

The flattest city of España, Valencia offers both an insight to the brutality its people have endured, as well as rich diversity. Filled with bicyclists (this was music to my ears), I was amazed to experience the efficiency of transportation, and the stay-active culture of Europe shined bright. Roads consist of bike lanes, alleyways integrated for bikers to swiftly cut through the city, and bike parking/locking stations, all highlights the encouragement and accessibility of 0 emmission producing, ground transportation. The original creators of Paella (made with rabbit, chicken, and snails), I was amazed to see the diversity and uniqueness in its diet and diet ingredients. My other favorite aspect was the oranges, and a trip to the market center can earn you some freshly squeezed orange juice (probably the best I've ever had). 

3. Ibiza

4. Formentera

5. Malaga

6. Granada

Bit of history: Muslims conquered Granada and Spain in 4 years. It took Christians 800 years to conquer it back.

7. Barcelona