Nippon has been at the forefront of my travel bucketlist for the past decade. Its vastly different culture compared to the States, meticulous lifestyles, technological advancements, and rich history and culture has attracted me and many others to this peninsula. Although this trip is for work, I still will be allocating plenty time for exploration and adventures, experiencing the nightlife, cities, and cultural sites. This log aims to keep track and provide a wholistic representation of my interactions and experiences in Japan. Definitely a trip I am going to be fully immersing myself into. 

Itinerary:

 1. Yokohama

    Stay: Westin Yokohama
    
    A new city on the edge of the water, Yokohama's "Minato Mirai" (translates to future port), is a gentrified, modern city, filled with tall buildings and serving as a new home to many industrial companies. Quite spacious unlike Tokyo centre, it combines the hustle of city life without the crowd. Many events take place here from concerts to spectacular firework shows. Yokohama also houses an otherworldly Chinatown, where the architecture style and people's conduct is completely unconnected from the rest of Yokohama. Here you will find homely nightlife, streets filled with conversation and laughter, and traditional restaurants, making it a fantastic opportunity to experience non-touristy culture.

2.  Kamakura

    Yokohama station - Kamakura Station via Train

    Combining traditionality, ground transportation, and ancient preservations, Kamakura is the city to explore if you don't want a touristy vibe. Very few residents speak english, but don't let that stop you from experiencing history (Google Translate is very useful). Make sure you pick up a bike if you want to optimize your time, a common trend I have been experiencing during my travels in Japan.  

3.  Tokyo

    a. Akihabara

    An otaku's dream come true, Akihabara is packed with bright lights, maids, games, and all the weeb essentials one would desire. Its fleeting visitors are typically coming in straight from work to relieve their stresses in arcades and gaming centers. I was surprised to witness so many people fully dressed, playing the same single player game over and over again with their areas filled with food and drinks. Although it seemed like a city that did not sleep, the aura was one filled with loneliness, as if this lifestyle was one to escape reality. 

    b. Shibuya

    Housing the famous Shibuya Crossing, this dense microcity offers an experience that is an overstimulating on the eyes, energy inducing, atmosphere. Streets are swamped with restaurants, bars, arcades, you name it, and any indication of structure is seemingly non-existent and chaotic. At times I felt like people just came here to cross the street, albeit an experience that is not common. There are two viewpoints to witness this pilgrimage to the other side of the street, Shibuya Sky, which offers a view of the entire city but requires tickets to be prepurchased and sell out quick, and a more lowkey, birds eye view of the crossing from the rooftop of a mall right next to it (this is also much cheaper).

    c. Ginza
    
    No city I've visited quite screams "rich" like Ginza. Home to the Emperor and the royal family, this upmarket shopping district will have you redefining what lavish really means. From designer brands to the fanciest of restaurants, Ginza offers both scenary and stores, as long as you have the money. Decorated with parks, gardens, and temples, the Imperial Palace is a must see sight, one that has you embracing its beauty but wondering what royalty really means. I was interested in learning there is only one royal family in all of Japanese history, the epitome of a well preserved tradition for over 1400 years (although people argue that it was even 2683 years ago with Emperor Jimmu).

4. Kyoto
    
    Yokohama station - Kyoto Station via Shinkansen

    The original capitol of Japan, Kyoto is extremely well preserved, from 3

    a. Fukakusainarinakanocho

        Home to the Fushimi Inari Taisha Shrine and Mt. Inari, this historically traditional site symbolizes the essence of Kyoto. Filled with tunnels of Torii gates from the main shrine to the top of the mountain, Inari shrine is a must see unique experience in the ancient capital of Kyoto.

    b. Kiyomizu

        The narrow streets of Kiyomizu serve as the perfect gateway to the colorful Kiyomizu-dera Temple. Here, you will find countless vendors, from souvenirs to traditional clothing stores and matcha tea shops, boasting the preservation of Japanese customs and culture. 

4. Osaka

5. Hiroshima

6. Nara

Additional Notes:

- Make sure you pick up a lot of water, electrolyte drinks, and a sun umbrella. A cooling vest is also very suitable for the hot summer climate. 

- The sun rises very early (4:15 AM) and very fast. The Japanese people tend to start and end their days late.

- Train Stations: My personal favorite part of Japan is its train infastructure. Yes they are readily available, meticulously clean, and organized, but the biggest surprise to me were the stations itself. Almost a full mall (for local stations, as the major ones have more than a full mall), you will find every store you need, affording food to clothing to technology, you name it. Furthermore, the trains are almost never late, and the punctuality allows them to run one after the other (5-10 mins apart).

Food places:

1. Coco Ichibanya

2. 
